adding bio / image for James (#232)
3b1b/3Blue1Brown.com: public/content/about.mdx

  text="Kurt's Work"
/>

> ### James Schloss, "That Guy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### James Schloss
```

Reviewer: Up to you though :)

<Portrait image="images/about/james-schloss.png" />

Hello, I am Dr. James Schloss.
I finished my PhD at the [Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology](https://www.oist.jp/) in December 2019 and did a short stint at MIT before deciding to work as an independent researcher.

> I focus on figuring out the logistics for any initiative Grant would like to pursue, including website design, the [Summer of Math Exposition](https://youtu.be/ojjzXyQCzso), and the [3Blue1Brown Podcast](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC78Ib99EBhMN3NemVjYm3Ig).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I focus on figuring out the logistics for various 3b1b initiatives, such as converting videos to written form, the [Summer of Math Exposition](https://3blue1brown.com/some1), and the [3b1b Podcast](https://3blue1brown.com/podcast).
```
